well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we are going to talk
about responses and an analogy that
keeps being brought up and it's a fair
analogy I'll go ahead and say that now
it is right now everybody is criticizing
Trump's response and it's fair it's very
worthy of criticism it was a less than
ideal and I'll just leave it at that
the analogy that keeps being brought up
is the movie Jaws makes sense makes
sense you've got the scientists those
with practical experience and those
concerned saying hey we got to take
action we got to do something to
mitigate there's that there's the shark
and then you have the establishment
personified in the mayor see the
establishment they got other things on
their mind you know preoccupied with the
hair now I've got to get those tourists
and got to make that money I've got to
keep the economy rolling it is an
incredibly fair analogy it's accurate
what it's not is surprising you know
people
are acting like this is kind of nizzle
this is what the government does a lot
the scientist and those with practical
experience they point something out and
they're like hey this is coming and
rather than act on it well they worry
about the hair and now they don't focus
on anything that could mitigate that
could reduce the harm don't worry about
it when he gets here sometimes when it
gets here it's too late and along the
way
they'll sit there and say no it's not
even happening the establishment will
lobby and get a call to hoax it's not
real it's not a real thing but it is but
it is a real thing
and right now what we're facing it's
unnerving can cause some minor
disruptions it's not gonna end the
species that won't it's gonna be
annoying and in some cases tragic but it
shouldn't be surprising we've had this
scenario playing out for decades the
scientists those were practical
experience and those concerned they've
been sounding the alarm in the
establishment has been preoccupied with
the here and now calling it a hoax it's
just media hysteria we'll wait for it to
get here just like the current situation
we can't wait for it to get here we have
to take action now to mitigate it's
coming it's gonna happen there are some
people in our elected representatives
who've tried but the criticism that's
being leveled at Trump can be leveled
against 90% of our elected officials
because they've all played that game
they haven't taken the hard line they
need to yeah maybe they didn't you know
defund the organization had supposed to
stop it but they couldn't because we
don't have one
and the difference between the crisis is
is that while this what's happening now
it's not a threat to the species climate
change is and it's going to cause a
whole lot more than disruptions it's
going to be a lot more drastic than
having a staycation
we're gonna have to move gonna have to
relocate you have climate refugees it's
gonna get bad a lot worse than this if
we don't move to mitigate soon running
out of time anyway
it's just thought y'all y'all have a
good night after me saying all that